refactoring and re-focusing the security audit post (#629)
deltachat/deltachat-pages: _posts/2023-03-23-third-independent-security-audit.md

---

> title: Good news from a recent and two past security audits!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Good news from a recent security audit!
```

> author: missytake,holga

Reviewer: ```suggestion
author: missytake, holga
```
